Sometimes we just need some hel getting out of our comfort zone: some others give us ideas and we think "dude, how is it possible that I sis not find that before". Let me send you two cool topics and ressources I have discovered pretty recently:

- I have been a great fan of **R. P. Feynman** for such a long time. But you know this feeling when a person does never end surprising you?
This is what I felt when I found this book by him in which he covers many topics in computation theory with his characteristic witty style: The Feynman Lectures on Computation. You will find them in pdf.

- I work with quantum optics approaches for quantum computing. In particular, I enjoy the beauty and symmetry of the setups involving beam splitters and integrated photonic circuits. But recently I fell even more in love with this technologies after discovering a company called Xanadu. Probably you have heard of them: They are using an incredibly intelligent idea to implement quamtum computations: If you have a grid of entangled qubits, performing measurements on some of them in a precisely decided order will affet the oher qubits in such a way that you will be performing quantum gates over them: This is called **One Way Quantum Computing**, and it is a pretty cool idea worth taking a look at: If you want a broad overview, pretty approachable, I recommend this [post](https://medium.com/xanaduai/from-a-state-of-light-to-state-of-the-art-the-photonic-path-to-millions-of-qubits-c0e08ca1cb21). If you want a slightly more mathy way to attack the problem and get an intuition, I attach a paper by Nielsen himself. check it out!

- Coming back to Xanadu, and particularly to this field combining Quantum Computing to solve optimization problems (*Quantum Machine learning*), it is worth it taking a look at Xanadu's [PennyLanne](https://pennylane.ai) framework. Feel free to dive around, In particular, this [post](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_qaoa_maxcut.html) in which they show how to use a 1D Ising model to solve the NP-Complete **MaxCut** problem is astonishing.

Enjoy!
